Another copper cable you may come across is a direct attachment cable or DAC cable.
This cable comes in various lense up to 15 meters
users copper Twinax and has SFPs on each end.
An SFP or Small form-factor Pluggable is a hot pluggable transceiver
and may support various media type such as fiber or copper.
thus replaces GBIC or Gigabit Interface Converters
and the one showing here is an enhanced small foam pluggable or SFP+
that supports data rates up to 10 Gbps.
So a DAC cable is inserted into an SFP+ slot
and allows for a 10 Gbps connection between 2 devices.
Other SFPs or SFP+s will support fiber
that can go to the greater lengths.
But this cable allows for 10 Gigabit copper connectivity
between 2 devices over a short distance such as 7 meters.